https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-12095 (#6638)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_lifecycle/cim_enable.adoc

[#enable-cim]
= Enabling the central infrastructure management service

> //should the conref be used here in the title? "{assist-install}" | MJ | 07/03

Reviewer: Let's pause on that for now, I'd say we can revisit conrefs in the title once we move to the new build system. I'm open to revisiting this sooner though if the team feels strongly

> //should the conref be used here in the title? "{assist-install}" | MJ | 07/03

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The central infrastructure management service is provided with the {mce-short} and deploys {ocp-short} clusters. Central infrastructure management is deployed automatically when you enable the MultiClusterHub Operator on the hub cluster, but you have to enable the service manually.

Reviewer: Not sure what is going on but the preview deletes this paragraph for me. Does the same happen on your end @dockerymick?

Author: Yea, i'm not sure why either. Maybe because of the hidden comment. Let's see if it changes after i make the commit

Reviewer: OK maybe just a bug, I guess let's just make a mental note to check the paragraph after merging

Your central infrastructure management service is configured. You can verify that it is healthy by checking the `assisted-service` and `assisted-image-service` deployments and ensuring that their pods are ready and running. 

[#fips-install-cim]
== Installing a FIPS-enabled cluster by using the {assist-install}

When you install a cluster that is in FIPS mode, you must specify a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) version in the `AgentServiceConfig` resource. When you install {ocp-short} version 4.15 and earlier, the installer must run on a RHEL host.

*Required access:* You must have access to edit the `AgentServiceConfig` and `AgentClusterInstall` resources.

Complete the following steps to update the `AgentServiceConfig` resource:

. Log in to you managed cluster

> //is there a command to complete is? 

Reviewer: Usually we expect users to use the console for this. I think `oc login` should work too though

Your central infrastructure management service is configured. You can verify that it is healthy by checking the `assisted-service` and `assisted-image-service` deployments and ensuring that their pods are ready and running. 

[#fips-install-cim]
== Installing a FIPS-enabled cluster by using the {assist-install}

> When you install a cluster that is in FIPS mode, you must specify a Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) version in the `AgentServiceConfig` resource. When you install {ocp-short} version 4.15 and earlier, the installer must run on a RHEL host.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this?

You don't have to specify the version for later 4.16 clusters even with FIPS.
And the only option is to run on an image based on RHEL8 or 9 . That last sentence here seems to imply we're not running on RHEL at all when we install later versions.

```suggestion
When you install a {ocp-short} version 4.15 and earlier cluster that is in FIPS mode, you must specify that the installer should run Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) version 8 in the `AgentServiceConfig` resource.
```

Author: To maintain tone according to IBM Style Guide: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=medium-tone
```suggestion
When you install a {ocp-short} cluster version 4.15 and earlier that is in FIPS mode, you must specify that the installers run Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) version 8 in the `AgentServiceConfig` resource.
```

*Required access:* You must have access to edit the `AgentServiceConfig` and `AgentClusterInstall` resources.

Complete the following steps to update the `AgentServiceConfig` resource:

. Log in to you managed cluster by using the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc login
----

. Add the `agent-install.openshift.io/service-image-base: el8` annotation in the `AgentServiceConfig` resource.
+
Your `AgentServiceConfig` resource might resemble the following YAML:

+
[source,yaml]
----

> need sample

Reviewer 2: Taking mostly from above:

```
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: AgentServiceConfig
metadata:
  annotations: 
    agent-install.openshift.io/service-image-base: el8
  name: agent
spec:
  databaseStorage:
    accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
    resources:
      requests:
        storage: <db_volume_size> 
  filesystemStorage:
    accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
    resources:
      requests:
        storage: <fs_volume_size>
  imageStorage:
    accessModes:
    - ReadWriteOnce
    resources:
      requests:
        storage: <img_volume_size>

Author: Thanks for the sample! Since it is similar to the previous YAML sample, I would like to add only part of the sample. Specifically to the `annotations` parameter section. @carbonin let me know if you have other thoughts about that

Reviewer 2: Nope, just the annotations bit sounds good to me.

> need sample

Author: @carbonin 
```suggestion
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1 
kind: AgentServiceConfig 
metadata: 
  annotations: 
    agent-install.openshift.io/service-image-base: el8 
...
```
